W-16420474 Updates to Connecting Salesforce orgs (#350)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/connecting-salesforce-orgs.adoc

= Establish a Tenant Relationship With a Trusted Salesforce Organization

Establishing a tenant relationship between an Anypoint Platform organization and a Salesforce organization enables users in your organization to:

* Publish invocable actions directly from their Robotic Process Automations (RPA) and Composer flows.
* Enhance Anypoint Code Builder and Intelligent Document Processing (IDP) developer experiences with Einstein. 
* Make MuleSoft APIs available in the connected Salesforce organization's API Catalog.

When you establish the tenant relationship, you can initiate, complete, and manage the tenant relationships. You can also enable, disable, and remove connections. 

> Tenant relationships are initiated in Anypoint Platform.   

Reviewer: Any way to make active?

You initiate...

> These are the ways a tenant relationship is established:

Reviewer: Active?
To establish..., either...

> * A Salesforce organization is provisioned with the tenant relationship to an Anypoint Platform organization already established. In this case, the Anypoint Platform organization administrator just needs to xref:managing-connected-salesforce-orgs.adoc#enable-disable-connection[enable the connection] in Anypoint Platform. 

Reviewer: Does this mean:

The Salesforce organization already has an established tenant relationship to an Anypoint Platform org.

Author: Yes.

> * The tenant relationship is created by the Anypoint Platform organization administrator in Anypoint Platform and setup is completed in the Salesforce organization by the Salesforce organization administrator.  

Reviewer: The Anypoint Platform organization administrator in Anypoint Platform creates the tenant relationship and the Salesforce org admin completes the setup in the Salesforce org.

In some cases, the Anypoint Platform organization administrator and Salesforce organization administrator are two different people, and in some cases, they are the same person.

== Before You Begin

Anypoint Platform organization administrators must have:

> * The Anypoint Platform Organization Administrator permission at the root organization level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Anypoint Platform Organization Administrator permission at the root organization level
```

> * The Salesforce tenant key of the Salesforce organization to connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Salesforce tenant key of the Salesforce organization to connect
```

+
The Anypoint Platform organization administrator can get the tenant key from the Salesforce organization administrator.

Salesforce organization administrators must have:

> * The Salesforce administrator permission set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Salesforce administrator permission set
```

Reviewer: In this case, is set a verb or a noun?

> * The Anypoint Platform organization key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Anypoint Platform organization key
```

+
The Salesforce organization administrator can get the key from the Anypoint Platform organization administrator. 

[connect-orgs]

> == Connect With a Salesforce Org in Anypoint Platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Connect with a Salesforce Org in Anypoint Platform
```

As an Anypoint Platform organization administrator, you can start the process of connecting to a trusted Salesforce organization. 

You must have the Salesforce organization's connection key (tenant key) before you can connect to a Salesforce organization. Contact the Salesforce organization admin to get the tenant key. 

TIP: Salesforce admins get the Salesforce organization tenant key and enable MuleSoft features in their Salesforce organization Setup in *MuleSoft > Anypoint Platform Setup*.

include::partial$include-nav-steps-org-admin.adoc[]

. Click *Salesforce*.
. Click *Add Salesforce Org*.

> . Enter the Salesforce organization tenant key, and click *Confirm*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter the Salesforce organization tenant key, and click *Confirm*. 
+
```

The format for the Salesforce tenant key is `cloud/env/org-id`.

> . In the *Add the Salesforce Org* dialog verify the information and click *Add*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Add the Salesforce Org* dialog, verify the information and click *Add*. 
```

. Click *Copy* to copy the Anypoint Platform organization key. 
. If you are the admin for the Salesforce organization you are adding, click *Manage in Salesforce* to continue setting up the relationship in Salesforce. 
+
If you are not the Salesforce admin, provide the Anypoint Platform organization key to the Salesforce admin so they can finish the connection process in Salesforce.

When the connection process is complete, the Salesforce organization appears in the *Salesforce Orgs* section of the *Salesforce* page.

[complete-organization-connection]
== Complete the Organization Connection in Salesforce

As a Salesforce organization administrator, you complete the connection between your organization and the Anypoint Platform organization when the connection process is initiated in Anypoint Platform. You must have the Anypoint Platform organization key to complete the connection.

include::partial$include-salesforce-mulesoft-setup-nav.adoc[]

> . In the *Your connected Anypoint Platform Organization* section, click *View Connection Info*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Your connected Anypoint Platform Organization*, click *View Connection Info*.
```

. In the *Connection to MuleSoft Anypoint Platform* dialog, enter the Anypoint Platform organization key in the *Anypoint Platform Organization ID* field, and then click *Connect*.
+
NOTE: The Anypoint Platform organization key is the universally unique identifier (UUID) for the Anypoint Platform organization ID.
+ 
If you don't have the Anypoint Platform organization key, contact the Anypoint Platform organization administrator.
+ 

> You are returned to the *Connection to MuleSoft Anypoint Platform* page and see the details of the connected Salesforce organization, including the enablement status of the capabilities associated with the connected Salesforce organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You return to the *Connection to MuleSoft Anypoint Platform* page. The page shows the connected Salesforce organization details, including the enablement status of the capabilities associated with the connected Salesforce organization. 
```

> image::connected-salesforce-org-invocable-actions-enabled.png["The connected Salesforce organization with API Catalog disabled and Invocable Actions enabled"]

Reviewer: Nice alt text!
